# 2020-09-12: FAudio and some ImGui

### Written by [@lithiumtoast](https://github.com/lithiumtoast) on Sunday, September 12th, 2021

- Replacing manual C# bindings for FAudio with automatic bindings.
- Slight changes to samples.
- Move ImGui into the framework.

### FAudio

Work is done here: https://github.com/lithiumtoast/FAudio-cs. These automatic bindings replace the manual bindings which are integrated in the source code of FNA. Was some work but not much else to be said.

### Changes to samples

It's when testing audio that I realized that calling the `base.Update(gameTime)` method in the `Game` class is necessary for `MediaPlayer`. I updated all the samples to do just that even if it's not strictly necessary for consitency.

### ImGui

Decided to intergrate ImGui into `Katabasis.Framework`. This is likely the only time where I'm *adding* something to the base library. ImGui is ubitquous these days and it makes samples easier to play around with when there is no to little graphics. It's on my opinion that ImGui is essential for developing games even if another UI library might be used for customer facing.

### Results

All existing samples work as expected. A new sample has been created for `ImGui`. This is a major step forward for swapping out the XNA graphics API using a different C library.

### Future work

- Bindings for `FAudio` and `theorafile`. This will replace the majority of all manual C# bindings with automatic ones.
- Bindings for `Refresh`: https://github.com/thatcosmonaut/Refresh. This will allow to target a Vulkan only graphics backend. Vulkan support on macOS is fairly good. This would allow for Vulkan to be accross all desktop targets.
